hello everyone guys this is the
should be the tenth installment of the
best games for android but I decided
to make a video let's say an extra video
a bonus video I do n't know how to call it in
few words beyond
to give you games
I also find an application though
let's say all the 1 ie games
contained in an application that you
can that you can use from
computer as you are wondering
but in the meantime I changed I changed
promised the rom miui on axis iii
because I always liked it above all
for the customization that can come
inside e
hope you like it
then I'm telling you in words with this
application called brass monkey
we will become our mobile phone
let's say the joystick while the computer
the console will become the screen from which
see what we're doing
ok let's start we have the screen of
computer words this link to
get both the wifi ride both
cell phone that the computer shows it and
when i press here there is this would be ha
found my computer that with it
put of the two then cyclical here appears a
joystick and here the menu appears
rest
through the joystick ok now vi
I show you how to use us then
let's choose example browser game let's play
we find some game action games
and we try this contamination
you see it is very beautiful as an application
as how we say who the amended I have
made a beautiful thing but weighs a lot
because I never found things we say
similar excuse me if in such a framework but it is
the only method I can use anyway
I'm about to take the partnership
I hope I take it with social blades not
I did more than anything else for reasons of
money because as you know they take the
60 I succeed I take 60 percent of
what I did not gain as eighty
et ign or other partnerships with companions
and have the partnership
this camera that does not focus that
sucks if I see a little better from you
there is from voices on youtube where it puts in
break and living when and here we are
come back light
ok the game and we do this
normal
as you can see there is the saying of joystiq
here's to shoot to reload e
these for new weapons to change
new weapons or that this municipality of
we have to deliver a shooting game
kill the zombies on this site there is
even multiplayer for that is possible
also play with people or who come
visas connect our own network
wifi play with us otherwise than that
I can say yes we find them only on
internet you want me not to do wifi then
thanks to the servers we play we say many
player with other people
normal multiplayer that I would say one
something very beautiful instead of the usual
single game that is on android single
that is, that only one person can play
at most only a few games
now with gameloft blog games
george there are zombie junkies here
pillow between them that have the
multiplayer but just a few e
they count there is also this that I am
however wrong however also to the body
to some who have it but they are made
bad
now I don't know why I haven't felt for a while
multiplayer games on android though
the ones I tried are bad for you
but this is done very well I like it
lot
as said there are no setbacks
I do not see lake even my connection is
quite slow and over different ago
the computer does quite well
especially those who do not have this seem to me
that there is dragon ball dragon hours
I do n't remember the name
majin bu seems to me from the transformation
of machine bully
from the ebook looked like
let's say we recharge ok and this is it
she brass monkey dot com or only to the
right
ok i lost
I hope you enjoyed this video
as I said it is not really an episode
in the best android games for that
agosti ficher or not as such, but is
let's say an extra bonus bet for i
my now 200 mistake 68 subscribers of
euro of goal for me I am wrong
I was just waiting for some people 23
some people view instead
I make 200 300 400 views per
day then more and it makes me so happy
I hope you enjoy the video
click on like and comment on and
short as soon as I succeed I will also do the
episode of the best games for android
but a maximum of one will not be long
week and a half weeks but also of
less and I will publish it
commented comments click on me
like to share on facebook and al
next video hello